[Music]
seven ways to look taller and slimmer a
petite stature has its advantages for
instance you always look younger than
your actual age however there are some
drawbacks you need to choose your
clothes and accessories carefully
because some combination can shorten
your figure and a private of all its
gracefulness we asked top style is
through advice on how to accentuate a
petite stature and checked out their
recommendations with the help of a
lovely model now you can watch the
result the last fashion trick has
transformed our model beyond recognition
tops and skirts to look stunning
you should remember about maintaining
the right figure proportions your choice
of clothes plays a significant part in
this wearing your top loose cuts your
figure in half making your torso look
massive and longer and shorten your legs
it's better to wear the top tucked into
the skirt as this will highlight the
waist lengthen the legs and make your
figure slender and more fragile another
option is to wear a crop top and skirt
set can you see the difference
belts and shoes when it comes to shoes
clashing colors or bulkiness can make
your legs appear much shorter if you
like wearing shoes or sandals that
buckle at the ankle the straps should
match the tone of your skin also you
should avoid wide belts a belt creating
a visible horizontal line makes the
torso look wider meanwhile vertical
lines address without a belt and lighter
colored shoes make you noticeably taller
and slimmer just compare these two
models looks which one do you like the
most jackets and blazers petite girls
shouldn't wear large or elongated
jackets suits or Blazers they visibly
shorten the legs and make the silhouette
blurred and unwielding choose jackets
and blazers that are small and volume
cropped and fitted up to the waist or
slightly below you should also choose
your bags carefully they're currently
fashionable shopper bags will make your
overall image more cumbersome the best
option for petite girls is a small bag
of a width not exceeding 10 to 11 inches
if you prefer backpacks they too should
be small and have neat geometric shapes
[Music]
cardigans
I'll keep in mind that your cardigans
mustn't be too bulky or have
conspicuously large details such as
sizable patch pockets long cardigans
present an easy solution to adding a few
inches to your height without the help
of high heels
such clothing does a perfect job of
creating that all-important
uninterrupted vertical line which
visibly enhances your stature would you
agree dresses voluminous dresses look
best only on tall girls when worn by
miniature beauties they press the
wearer's figure down to the ground
shortening your silhouette and in
particular your legs what should you do
go with waist vintage sheath dresses
they suit petite ladies just fun giving
correct proportions and stretching the
silhouette up work contrasts and
monochromes contrasting colors in
clothing such as a bright tough and dark
bottoms separate the figure in half
creating a horizontal boundary line that
emphasizes your lack of height in
comparison monochrome sets noticeably
lengthen the silhouette
moreover brightly colored clothes look
more voluminous can you see it the same
pink sweatshirt looks a little larger
jeans and tops
[Music]
an ordinary t-shirt and jeans might
divide your figure in half however a
cropped top is the perfect choice for
women of small stature combining it with
high-waisted jeans helps don't lengthen
your legs significantly another option
is to wear a crop top and skirt give it
a try and the results will leave you
pleasantly surprised did you enjoy the
video then hit the like button below
don't forget to share this video and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life